Number	Subject	    Question	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
1	      Algebra	    Alice, Bob, and Charlie stand to inherit 12000 dollars, and the will stipulates that the inheritance is to be split in such a way that Bob gets two times more money than Alice, while Charlie should get 1600 dollars less than Alice. Find the inheritance amount for Alice.	
2	      Algebra	    Ridwan can plant 4 trees per hour, and Sue can plant 5.5 trees per hour. Find how many hours they need to plant 285 trees, if they are working together.	
3	      Algebra	    Megan is taking the bus from New York City to Montreal. The distance is 380 miles and the bus travels at a steady rate of 76 miles per hour. How long will the bus ride be, in hours?	
4	      Algebra	    Heather has been offered two options for her salary as a trainer at the gym. Option A would pay her $25,000 plus $15 for each training session. Option B would pay her $10,000 + $40 for each training session. How many training sessions would make the salary options equal?	
5	      Algebra	    An astronaut is in a launched rocket currently 15 miles in altitude. If a man is standing 2 miles from the launch pad, at what angle is the astronaut looking down at him from horizontal?	
7	      Calculus	  For f(x) = (x^2) + 3x + 2, find f′(1).	
8	      Calculus	  Evaluate lim x -> ∞ (x^(1/(ln(x))))	
9	      Calculus	  Evaluate the definite integral from 1 to 2 of (x^-4) dx 
10	    Calculus	  If R is the region bounded above by the graph of the function f(x)=x and below by the graph of the function g(x)=x^4, find the area of region R.	
11	    Statistics	What is the probability of drawing a club in a standard deck of 52 cards?	
12	    Statistics	f(x), a continuous probability function, is equal to 1/12, and the function is restricted to 0 ≤ x ≤ 12. What is P(0 < x < 12)?	
13	    Statistics	Suppose X ~ N(9, 5). What value of x has a z-score of –0.5?	
14	    Statistics	An unknown distribution has a mean of 25 and a standard deviation of six. Let X = one object from this distribution. What is the sample size if the standard deviation of ΣX is 42?	
15	    Statistics	An electronics retailer used regression to find a simple model to predict sales growth in the first quarter of the new year (January through March). The model is good for 90 days, where x is the day. The model can be written as follows: ŷ = 101.32 + 2.48x where ŷ is in thousands of dollars. What would you predict the sales to be on day 60?	
16	    Algebra	    The cost function for a certain company is C=60x+300 and the revenue is given by R=100x−0.5x2. Recall that profit is revenue minus cost. Set up a quadratic equation and find two values of x (production level) that will create a profit of $300.	
17	    Algebra	    The exposure index EI for a camera is a measurement of the amount of light that hits the image receptor. It is determined by the equation EI = log (base2) ((f^2) / t), where f is the “f-stop” setting on the camera, and t is the exposure time in seconds. Suppose the f-stop setting is 8 and the desired exposure time is 2 seconds. What will the resulting exposure index be? Suppose the light meter on a camera indicates an EI of −2, and the desired exposure time is 16 seconds. What should the f-stop setting be?	
18	    Algebra	    A child enters a carousel that takes one minute to revolve once around. The child enters at the point (0,1), that is, on the due north position. Assume the carousel revolves counter clockwise. When will the child have coordinates (0.707,–0.707) if the ride lasts 6 minutes?	
19	    Algebra	    A satellite is orbiting Earth. The satellite passes directly over two tracking stations A and B, which are 69 miles apart. When the satellite is on one side of the two stations, the angles of elevation at A and B are measured to be 83.9° and 86.2°, respectively. How far is the satellite from station A? How high is the satellite above the ground? Round answers to the nearest whole mile.	
20	    Algebra	    You inherit one million dollars. You invest it all in three accounts for one year. The first account pays 3% compounded annually, the second account pays 4% compounded annually, and the third account pays 2% compounded annually. After one year, you earn $34,000 in interest. If you invest four times the money into the account that pays 3% compared to 2%, how much did you invest in each account?	
21	    Calculus	  If a rock is dropped from a height of 100 ft, its position t seconds after it is dropped until it hits the ground is given by the function s(t)=−16t2+100. a) Determine how long it takes before the rock hits the ground. b) Find the average velocity vavg of the rock for when the rock is released and the rock hits the ground. c) Find the time t guaranteed by the Mean Value Theorem when the instantaneous velocity of the rock is vavg.	
22	    Calculus	  For A > 0, compute I(A) = the definite integral from -A to A of ((dt) / (1 + t^2)) and evaluate lim a -> ∞ 
23	    Calculus	  The base of a lamp is constructed by revolving a quarter circle y = sqrt(2x − x^2) around the y-axis from x=1 to x=2. Create an integral for the surface area of this curve and compute it.	
24	    Calculus	  The number of cell phones produced when x dollars is spent on labor and y dollars is spent on capital invested by a manufacturer can be modeled by the equation 60 * (x^(3/4)) * (y^(1/4)) = 3240. a) Find dy/dx and evaluate at the point (81,16). b) Interpret the result of a).	
25	    Calculus	  An engineer is using a machine to cut a flat square of Aerogel of area 144 cm^2. If there is a maximum error tolerance in the area of 8 cm^2, how accurately must the engineer cut on the side, assuming all sides have the same length? How do these numbers relate to δ, ε, a, and L?	
26	    Statistics	Yoonie is a personnel manager in a large corporation. Each month she must review 16 of the employees. From past experience, she has found that the reviews take her approximately four hours each to do with a population standard deviation of 1.2 hours. Let Χ be the random variable representing the time it takes her to complete one review. Assume Χ is normally distributed. Let x¯ be the random variable representing the mean time to complete the 16 reviews. Assume that the 16 reviews represent a random set of reviews. a) What is the mean, standard deviation, and sample size? b) Find the probability that one review will take Yoonie from 3.5 to 4.25 hours.
27	    Statistics	A microbiologist is testing a water sample for E-coli. Suppose the null hypothesis, H0, is: the sample does not contain E-coli. The probability that the sample does not contain E-coli, but the microbiologist thinks it does is 0.012. The probability that the sample does contain E-coli, but the microbiologist thinks it does not is 0.002. a) What is the power of this test? b) Which is the error of greater consequence? Why?	
28	    Statistics	Two types of phone operating system are being tested to determine if there is a difference in the proportions of system failures (crashes). Fifteen out of a random sample of 150 phones with OS1 had system failures within the first eight hours of operation. Nine out of another random sample of 150 phones with OS2 had system failures within the first eight hours of operation. OS2 is believed to be more stable (have fewer crashes) than OS1. a) What is the random variable? b) What is the p-value?	
29	    Statistics	The average waiting time in a doctor’s office varies. The standard deviation of waiting times in a doctor’s office is 3.4 minutes. A random sample of 30 patients in the doctor’s office has a standard deviation of waiting times of 4.1 minutes. One doctor believes the variance of waiting times is greater than originally thought. a) What type of test should be used? b) What is the p-value?
30	    Statistics	The U.S. Census Bureau conducts a study to determine the time needed to complete a short form. The Bureau surveys 200 people. The sample mean is 8.2 minutes. There is a known standard deviation of 2.2 minutes. The population distribution is assumed to be normal. a) Construct a 90% confidence interval for the population mean time to complete the forms. State the confidence interval and calculate the error bound. b) If the Census did another survey, kept the error bound the same, and surveyed only 50 people instead of 200, what would happen to the level of confidence? Why?	
